Remove occurrences of defunct Community Meeting (#8825)
kubernetes/community: communication/zoom-guidelines.md

---

Zoom is the main video communication platform for Kubernetes. It is used for

> running the [SIG/WG/Committee meetings],and many other Kubernetes online events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
running the [SIG/WG/Committee meetings], and many other Kubernetes online events.
```

Since the Zoom meetings are open to the general public, a Zoom host or co-host

> has to moderate a meeting in all senses of the word, from starting and stopping

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since Zoom meetings are open to the general public, a host or co-host
must moderate in every sense of the word, from starting to stopping
```

> the meeting to acting on [Kubernetes code of conduct] issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the meeting to adressing [Kubernetes code of conduct] issues.
```
